README.md, before:

## What's Done

- App bootstrapped with [Create React App].
- Added [React Bootstrap] library for basic UI components

## What's for Future

- Consider ejecting [Create React App] for greater control over Webpack configuration, linting, etc
- Ditch [React Bootstrap] and re-write UI components as a sepearate library
- Extra a theme into a separate library that can be applied to the application (e.g. styled-components)
- Update middleware to handle checking redux state for data before dispatch
- Fetching HOC to have reusable loader while data is being fetched

## To start the app

In the project directory, run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## To test

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>

Commit message:

Refactored and simplified middleware, and added check of state before fetch

README.md, after:

## What's Done

- App bootstrapped with [Create React App].
- Added [React Bootstrap] library for basic UI components

## What's for Future

- Consider ejecting [Create React App] for greater control over Webpack configuration, linting, etc
- Ditch [React Bootstrap] and re-write UI components as a sepearate library
- Extra a theme into a separate library that can be applied to the application (e.g. styled-components)
- Update middleware to handle checking redux state for data before dispatch
- Fetching HOC to have reusable loader while data is being fetched
- Implement [jest-fetch-mock] to mock all fetches
- Add logger middleware
- Unit tests for apiActions and transform

## To start the app

In the project directory, run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## To test

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
